yongkiws

medium

# call() with hardcoded gas amount should be used instead of transfer(), Approve() and transferFrom()

## Summary

## Vulnerability Detail
The transfer() and transferFrom() functions forward a fixed amount of 2300 gas. Historically, it has often been recommended to use these functions for value transfers to guard against reentrancy attacks. However, the gas cost of EVM instructions may change significantly during hard forks which may break already deployed contract systems that make fixed assumptions about gas costs. For example. [EIP 1884](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1884) broke several existing smart contracts due to a cost increase of the SLOAD instruction.
## Impact
The use of the deprecated transfer() function for an address will inevitably make the transaction fail when:

-The claimer smart contract does not implement a payable function.
-The claimer smart contract does implement a payable fallback which uses more than 2300 gas unit.
-The claimer smart contract implements a payable fallback function that needs less than 2300 gas units but is called through proxy, -raising the call's gas usage above 2300.
-Additionally, using higher than 2300 gas might be mandatory for some multisig wallets.

## Code Snippet
Vault_Velo.sol
```solidity
isoUSD.transfer(treasury, _interestPaid); #L318
isoUSD.transfer(treasury, loanFee);#L283
isoUSD.transfer(msg.sender, userMint);#L281
depositReceipt.transferFrom(address(this), msg.sender, _loanNFTs.ids[i]);#L642
depositReceipt.transferFrom(address(this), msg.sender, newId);#L638
isoUSD.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _USDReturned);#L313
_depositReceipt.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _NFTid);#L289

```
Vault_Base_ERC20
```solidity
bool success  = collateral.transfer(msg.sender, _amount); #L268
isoUSD.transfer(treasury, _interestPaid); #267
isoUSD.transfer(treasury, loanFee); #239
isoUSD.transfer(msg.sender, userMint); #237
```
Locker
```solidity
velo.approve(address(votingEscrow), _tokenAmount);#L69
```
Depositor
```solidity
AMMToken.transfer(msg.sender, amount);#L126
AMMToken.transferFrom(msg.sender, address(this), _amount);#L61
```
## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use call() instead of transfer(), but be sure to respect the CEI pattern and/or add re-entrancy guards, as several hacks already happened in the past due to this recommendation not being fully understood or Use OpenZeppelin’s safeTransfer(),safeIncreaseAllowance() or safeDecreaseAllowance(),safeTransferFrom() instead

More info on; https://swcregistry.io/docs/SWC-134