HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# Vault_Velo.sol: Loan can be liquidated by contract that cannot receive ERC721 tokens

## Summary
`Vault_Velo` uses unsafe `transferFrom` function to transfer deposit receipts upon liquidation.

## Vulnerability Detail
When the `Vault_Velo` contract transfers ERC721 tokens, it uses the `transferFrom` function.
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Velo.sol#L621-L646](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Velo.sol#L621-L646)

This means that upon liquidation of the loan, the deposit receipt can be transferred to a contract that does not support ERC721s.
Thereby access to the deposit receipt is lost.

## Impact
A contract unable to receive ERC721s can liquidate the loan. Access to the deposit receipt is then lost.

## Code Snippet
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Velo.sol#L621-L646](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Velo.sol#L621-L646)

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement a new version of the `_returnAndSplitNFTs` function that replaces both instances of `transferFrom` by `safeTransferFrom` which, if the receiver is a contract, checks that it implements the `onERC721Received` function.

When the loan is closed, the original function should be called. You should not use `safeTransferFrom` in this case.
This is since the deposit receipt is transferred back to the previous owner. So the previous owner should be able to handle the ERC721. And if it does not implement `onERC721Received` correctly (which is not checked when the loan is opened) the loan cannot be closed anymore.