HollaDieWaldfee

medium

# Virtual price is not updated correctly which leads to less interest that needs to be paid

## Summary
The `Vault_Base_ERC20._updateVirtualPrice` function ([https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Base_ERC20.sol#L203](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Base_ERC20.sol#L203)) updates the virtual price for a collateral. This virtual price reflects the interest that a borrower must pay.

Due to Solidity rounding down to the next smallest integer, a substantial amount of interest might not be accounted for. 
This is especially true when there is a deliberate effort to update the virtual price at certain times.

Note: The same function is implemented in `Vault_Velo.sol`. Apply the same fix there as well.

## Vulnerability Detail
Here you can see how the virtual price is currently updated:
[https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Base_ERC20.sol#L214-L220](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Base_ERC20.sol#L214-L220)

The problem is in `line 214` where any number between `180` and `359` will cause `threeMinuteDelta` to be equal to `1`.
So in the worst case there are `179` seconds of interest wasted. 

In `1 year` there are `365 * 24 * 20 = 175200` times `3` minutes.
In the worst case there is a virtual price update only for every `359` seconds which is `~87902` updates per year.
Assume the 3 minute interest rate is 0.01%.

Then the intended interest rate is: `1.0001^175200 = 40593725.1`
In the worst case the rate is only: `1.0001^87902 = 6566.659399`

In reality the difference will be smaller of course but even a virtual price update every `190` seconds (which is realistic in my opinion) leads to a big difference:
`1.0001^166089 = 16322737.14`

## Impact
The interest rate that is paid for a loan depends on when exactly the virtual price is updated. 

A determined effort of borrowers can lead to a substantially lower interest rate than intended.
For example borrowers might set a rule for themselves to only open loans, close loans, increase collateral amount (which are the operations that cause the virtual price to be updated) towards the end of a `359 seconds` period. 

## Code Snippet
See "Vulnerability Detail" section.

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
This can be fixed by not supplying the `_currentBlockTime` to the `vaultUpdateVirtualPriceAndTime` function but instead calculating the exact amount of seconds that are accounted for:
```solidity
uint256 threeMinuteDelta = timeDelta / 180; 
if(threeMinuteDelta > 0) {
    for (uint256 i = 0; i < threeMinuteDelta; i++ ){
    virtualPrice = (virtualPrice * interestPer3Min) / LOAN_SCALE; 
    }
    collateralBook.vaultUpdateVirtualPriceAndTime(_collateralAddress, virtualPrice, lastUpdateTime + (threeMinuteDelta*180));
}
```