yixxas

high

# Timelock for `changeCollateralType()` is much lesser than intended

## Summary
There is a timelock implemented when collateral type is waiting to be changed. I believe 2 days to be the duration as mentioned in the comments.
> uint256 public constant CHANGE_COLLATERAL_DELAY = 200; //2 days

However, we note that it is currently only set to `200 seconds`, which is only slightly more than 3 minutes.

## Vulnerability Detail
The check for the timelock is done as shown below.
> require(submissionTimestamp + CHANGE_COLLATERAL_DELAY <= block.timestamp, "Not enough time passed")

`submissionTimestamp` and `block.timestamp` are both values in seconds, hence a value of `200` for `CHANGE_COLLATERAL_DELAY` is going to be only a duration of `3 minutes 20 seconds`.

## Impact
`changeCollateralType()` is a highly privileged function and the protocol knows it hence they implemented the timelock, to allow users sufficient time to react to if they do not agree with the changes. The admin can change various properties of a collateral, and most importantly the `_liquidationRatio`, which allows previously "safe" loans to be now liquidatable, as well as `_liquidityPool` which can remove the value of the collateral of interest. This might be an oversight that is seen as a serious breach of trust, that can seriously harm the protocol. Also, since `CHANGE_COLLATERAL_DELAY` is a constant value, there is no way to change this short duration of `200 seconds` after deployment.

I believe high severity to be fair here due to the risk users suffer here, and the huge contrast in the advertised timelock duration vs the currently implemented one.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/CollateralBook.sol#L23
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/CollateralBook.sol#L130

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change `CHANGE_COLLATERAL_DELAY = 200` to `CHANGE_COLLATERAL_DELAY = 2 days` to correctly set the value.
