yixxas

medium

# `queueCollateralChange()` has insufficient check of `_assetType` which can potentially allow `_liquidationRatio` to be set to a lower than expected value

## Summary
`queueCollateralChange()` does not verify that the provided `_assetType` value is the same one as the asset type that is attached to the specific `_collateralAddress`. The lack of check here can create potentially bad issues in the future.

## Vulnerability Detail
We see in the lines below, `vault.LIQUIDATION_RETURN` is used to determine if liquidation ratio provided is sufficient.
>        IVault vault = IVault(vaults[_assetType]);
>        //prevent setting liquidationRatio too low such that it would cause an overflow in callLiquidation, see appendix on liquidation maths for details.
>        require( vault.LIQUIDATION_RETURN() *_liquidationRatio >= 10 ** 36, "Liquidation ratio too low");

Currently, this is fine as `LIQUIDATION_RETURN()` inherits from `Vault_Base_ERC20.sol` for `Vault_Lyra` and `Vault_Synths`, and `Vault_Velo` also uses the same value in its declaration. 

However, we note that because of the lack of check of `_assetType` having to be the same as the one specific to a `_collateralAddress`, we can successfully pass a `Lyra` collateral to `Vault_Synths`, and if their `LIQUIDATION_RETURN()` values are different due to a change in implementation, we can bypass the minimum `liquidationRatio` check.

## Impact
`liquidationRatio` is going to affect `callLiquidation` as mentioned in the comments. Note that should this happen, the overflow issue will prevent loans from being able to be liquidated, and this is extremely bad for the protocol. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/CollateralBook.sol#L95-L120

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
I recommend that we add a check to require that the input used for `_assetType` be the same one as the one for the `_collateralAddress` of interest.
