neumo

high

# Wrong value of interestPer3Min can lock all funds of the vaults forever

## Summary
A collateral type added to the `CollateralBook` contract with a `interestPer3Min` smaller or equal to `1 ether` makes it impossible to update the collateralType or interact with the vaults regarding the opening/closing of loans, the increase of the collateral amount or the liquidations, because `_updateVirtualPriceAndTime` will always revert.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the documentation of `CollateralBook` contract, it is defined an invariant related to the `virtualPrice`, which is set in function `_updateVirtualPriceAndTime`:
>_updateVirtualPriceAndTime This internal function is used whenever a virtualPrice and lastUpdateTime of a collateral is being updated. It contains sanity checks that the updated values are strictly larger than the existing values. The virtualPrice and lastUpdateTime should never decrease. //ADD THIS AS AN INVARIANT

This is effectively checked in function `_updateVirtualPriceAndTime`:
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/CollateralBook.sol#L237

But the thing is that, if  `interestPer3Min` is smaller or equal to `1 ether`, all functions that call `_updateVirtualPriceAndTime` (directly or indirectly) will revert, because the `virtualPrice` calculated will be smaller or equal than the existing one.
`_updateVirtualPriceAndTime` is called in:
* `CollateralBook`'s `updateVirtualPriceSlowly`.
* `CollateralBook`'s `vaultUpdateVirtualPriceAndTime`.

`updateVirtualPriceSlowly` will revert as long as the cycles of three minutes since last update are >= 1, because it calculates the new `virtualPrice` with `interestPer3Min` and will produce a new `virtualPrice` smaller or equal to the existing price.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/CollateralBook.sol#L266-L270

`updateVirtualPriceSlowly` is called in `CollateralBook`'s `changeCollateralType` function, so after a collateral type is added or updated with a `interestPer3Min` smaller or equal to `1 ether` the admin will have three minutes to change it to a valid value, otherwise the collateral will be unusable by the vaults forever, because `interestPer3Min` will not be able to be set to a valid value anymore.
On the other hand, is called in function `_updateVirtualPrice` of all three vaults.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Base_ERC20.sol#L203-L221
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/contracts/Vault_Velo.sol#L248-L265
This function, which is internal, is called in all three vaults in functions:
* `openLoan`
* `increaseCollateralAmount`
* `closeLoan`
* `callLiquidation`

All calls will revert once the three minutes after the last update have been surpassed, locking all funds from users forever.


## Impact
All funds stored in the contract will be lost if the collateral type is created or updated with a wrong value of `_interestPer3Min` after three minutes have been elapsed from last price update. In the case of adding a collateral type with the wrong value, the funds locked will be those from opening loans in the next three minutes from adding it, but in the case of updating the collateral type, the impact could possibly be very big, because the vaults could have an arbitrary amount of funds stored.

## Code Snippet
The following test can be used in the `callLiquidation` block of [Vault_Lyra.js](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2022-11-isomorph/blob/main/contracts/Isomorph/test/Integration/Vault_Lyra.js) and shows the issue failing for the case of calls to `callLiquidation` (for the sake of simplicity I only provide test for this case, but calls to `openLoan`, `increaseCollateralAmount`, `closeLoan`, `updateVirtualPriceSlowly`, `changeCollateralType` and `vaultUpdateVirtualPriceAndTime` would also revert).
```solidity
it("VirtualPrice update fails when interestPer3Min is smaller than or equal to 1 ether", async function () {
  liq_return = await vault.LIQUIDATION_RETURN();
  const helperAmount = ethers.utils.parseEther("1000");
  const helperLoan = helperAmount.div(2);

  await lyraLPToken.connect(addr1).transfer(addr2.address, helperAmount);
  await lyraLPToken.connect(addr2).approve(vault.address, helperAmount);

  const beforeLoanisoUSD = await isoUSD.balanceOf(addr2.address);
  await vault.connect(addr2).openLoan(lyraLPToken.address, helperAmount, helperLoan);
  const beforeisoUSDBalance = await isoUSD.balanceOf(addr2.address);
  receivedLoan = helperLoan.mul(base.sub(loanOpenfee)).div(base);
  expect(beforeisoUSDBalance).to.equal(beforeLoanisoUSD.add(receivedLoan));

  const beforeColLiquidatorBalance = await lyraLPToken.balanceOf(addr2.address);

  //modify minimum collateral ratio to enable liquidation
  const MinMargin4 = ethers.utils.parseEther("8.0");
  const LiqMargin4 = ethers.utils.parseEther("100.0").div(94);
  // We set interestPer3Min to 0.9 ethers
  const Interest4 = ethers.utils.parseEther("0.9");
  await collateralBook.TESTchangeCollateralType(lyraLPToken.address, lyraCode, MinMargin4, LiqMargin4, Interest4, lyraLiqPool.address, liq_return, LYRA);      

  // three minutes after
  await network.provider.send("evm_increaseTime", [180]);

  ethPriceBN =  await vault.priceCollateralToUSD(lyraCode, e18);
  await vault.viewLiquidatableAmount(colQuantity, ethPriceBN, loanSizeInisoUSD, LiqMargin4)
  //approve vault to take isoUSD from liquidator
  let balance = await isoUSD.connect(addr2).balanceOf(addr2.address)
  await isoUSD.connect(addr2).approve(vault.address, balance)

  await expect(
	vault.connect(addr2).callLiquidation(addr1.address, lyraLPToken.address)
  ).to.be.revertedWith("Incorrect virtual price");

});
```

## Tool used

Forge tests and manual Review

## Recommendation
In `CollateralBook` add a check in `addCollateralType` to enforce that `_interestPer3Min` is strictly greater that `1 ether`:
```solidity
require(_interestPer3Min > 1 ether);
```